What about, um, Kim, Jon UN Kim.
Jon UN. Yeah.
Is he intentionally evil or is he mind mindlessly
propagating an evil system created by his ancestors?
What's your sense of the man? So.
With Kim, your song, I can give him more than thought.
He was a initial true believer of communism,
but then as later he gained the power, he realizing, I think,
I guess back then he thought most of the people are dumb. My individual is dumb.
So therefore I need to make good decision for all of you. Yeah.
That pure arrogance came from out of him. Even that I can tolerate. Okay. Fine.
In Kim, Jon who never like, yeah, fine. He grew up in that system too.
But Kim Jong is very unique.
This guy was educated in Switzerland,
in the heart of democracy.
He knew how human beings should be treated as a child.
He went when your child, your brain is very susceptible. Yeah. Right.
You change anybody. Like why the mall was.
So that's like changing young people's minds.
Like that's every revolutionary they do. Right.
They go change young people's minds. First,
this guy was so obsess with the power, him being a God,
even starting in Switzer, didn't change him.
And that's why I think that's a pure evil, you know,
I can't give you more benefit thought to his grandfather and father,
but when it comes Kim, Jon, this is like, what? Pure evil looks like pure,
selfish being. Yeah. That's what it looks like.
Is there, is there some sense where he's justifying every,
I think he's doing to himself or do you think there's a psychopathic aspect to
where he enjoys the suffering?
I think in his life. Right. I read a lot of, uh, like North Korea,
a lot of CIA documents,
a lot of intelligence people worked there and even like worked in north Korean
capitalists escaped. I, I could hear about them. So Kim, Jon,
when they're born, they treat like gods.
So they never have a sense of them being a human they're like
equal with the others, for them. Like,
if you are just any kind of tool like that, but not only not like, think that,
right.
Anybody's a tool like once boxer dies getting slaughtered for my cause mm-hmm
<affirmative> and they do not even feel guilty about it because they don't view
us that you deserve, you are worthy of it. Yeah. That's right.
So it's not like he even fears. He doesn't even recognize that's a suffering.
Like, of course you, you, this is,
this is what you do serving me because I am, I am this.
So I think like beyond that, like it's not like suffering, it enters his minds.
He doesn't even think what we go through.
Okay. So he thinks there's himself as a, as a God. Yeah.
And then everybody else is just, uh, tools that, that are disposable. Right.
There was rumors. Several times of him dying. Yeah.
Do you think he is? Um, obviously his health is not good.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> do you think he will die soon? What happens if Kim,
Jon Nu dies?
Why? When he comes to North Korea, anybody knows what they are going.
What Jon does is lie. Right? Nobody knows. I'm sure CIA knows,
but they may never revered that CIA has enough intelligence to can tell
Jon what he is doing.
They just don't assassinate him because you don't see the means of it right now.
Because you think they can assassinate him.
They can't. They do have ability to assassin.
The hell. Do they not assassinate? 'em.
Because they don't care.
They don't care about the suffering of 25 million people.
They gotta pay the price. If they assassin games, they gotta.
Pay the price. After they'll be financial, there'll be political price to pay.
Of course. It'll it'll anger. China, if.
Sorry. Absolutely. That is a huge piece.
For them. And then they'll have to deal.
Obviously there'll be financ military consequences of having to deal with the
turmoil, the uncertainty. Yeah. Of the revolutions that will spring up.
Yeah. That's the thing like, that's why they don't wanna take that risk.
They don't wanna do anything.
The us now became very passive when they pursue this model values to the
rest of the world.
They did the same thing with the Holocaust in the early days.
Actually. Yeah. They were like just, they didn't care.
And that's what their always policy has been. They don't care. I mean,
so if Kim Jon dies,
it's gonna be very hard for North Korea to replace anybody in his position.
Because Kims is a brand. It's not just like a leader for us, right? Yeah.
We never rethink of Kim. And with my mind, like,
who's like almost God figure mm-hmm <affirmative> the North Korea is number 10
religions in the world. They copy the Bible. So if you believe that,
if there are people believing the God and just Christ,
how do you not believe the north Korean believe in the same thing?
So Kim son's grandfather and his parents were
Christians. So Kim song was, grew up this like Christian,
like word versus mm-hmm <affirmative>. So when he finding his country, he said,
I love my people so much that I'm giving you my son, Kim, Jon, his body dies.
But his spirits with does forever. Who can know how many hair I have,
what I think. And when we suffer,
when we go to paradise with him and when you block every single information
going to country, of course, people gonna believe it.
So who would be the successor? If he dies.
He has a son, uh, for some born 2009 and not,
not old enough if he dies now. So,
so either his sister might rule for a short amount of time as not like a
leader, but like REPL, like temporary placement.
And then when the son is older enough, he might take it off.
Cuz it's a kingdom that's most likely,
and China will do everything they can to maintain that status quo for the north
Korean region.
So north Korean people have no option here.
We just needed some leader to courageously come up and do the right thing.
So we're we can't just wait this out. No, we can't.
It's not something and take its course and not gonna change.
Like we not even know that economic freedom does not bring political freedom.
We know in China. Yeah. It doesn't. That's the unique thing about freedom.
You gotta fight for it. Otherwise you don't never get it.
Freedom is something has default.
And if nobody fighting for freedom is not gonna be there.